---
layout: post
title:  "The Last Sunlight"
author: tasfiafarah
date:   2020-02-19 20:20:35 +0200
image: /assets/images/worldwar.jpeg
image_caption: "Documentation Center Nazi Party Rally Grounds"
position: center
---
Sunbeam is peeking through the curtains directly on my face, disturbing my peaceful sleep, yet I am grateful to it. Now a days, this is the only time I find some moments for myself. I am scheduled to meet Himmler and Göring this morning. Stalin’s reputation as a brutal dictator is making it easy for us to invade Russia.<!--more--> The red army is not experienced enough without their competent military officers. We only have to kick in the door and the whole rotten structure will come crashing down. My deep thoughts are cut by a faint sound of a duck. My eyes fluttered open with the realization that there is no duck in Berghof. Eva is sleeping on the other side of the bed. Eva, my lover, is a beautiful woman. I met her when she was seventeen years old. Does the duck have something to do with Eva? I stop myself from waking her up, when I saw that she is not in the same clothes she wore last night. Instead of waking her up, I decide to pay attention to my surroundings. I am in a small room not more than eight feet wide, with a flat roof, but high ceilings and a little window. I sink into the bed realising I am not in my familiar place. Looking up at the broken chandelier, the only trace of decoration in this room, I try to calm myself down. A mirror in the west wall is glistening with sunray. Getting out of bed, I stared at my reflection in the mirror. The panicking feeling that I under mounted some moments ago starts creeping down from my stomach towards my leg. Instead of 52 years old Adolf with a little moustache over his upper lip, a much older man with a very small hair and shaggy stomach, in a cheap undervest is staring back at me. I wanted to run away, I wanted to run away from this nightmare. A loud knock against the door breaks the train of my thoughts. “Father! Wake up! Some army jeeps are coming towards our house. I think it’s the Schutzstaffel.” The name Schutzstaffel sends a shiver down my spine. Schutzstaffel is my right hand army who has fought the battle of France and invaded Poland on my order, and now the monster that I created is here to bite me. Banging against the door is still going on, each bang being a reminder of the cruelty of Schutzstaffel. The woman in the bed wakes up in a hurry, and rushes to the door in wobbly legs. I move towards a door on the north wall, hoping that it’s the back door.

I have been running for the past thirty minutes in this vast rough field. My lungs are burning out; my feet are torn apart running barefoot. I fell onto the ground; my breathings are heavy. Staring into oblivion, I try to understand the situation. Far away, there is a curved road, reminding me the complexity of my life. I know all of these are real, but a voice at the back of my head is in denial. Maybe it’s just a bad dream. Maybe the road in the distance is the end of this. Maybe destiny wants me to find out where this road leads me.
A large milestone is occupying the side of the road which reads the sign Braunau- on- the- Inn. All the events from this morning fade away and replace with beautiful and happy memories. Braunau- on- the- Inn, the place I was born, the place I always thought is a good omen for me, a small town on the frontier between Germany and Austria. I sit under the milestone. The sun that beamed through the curtain this morning, is now above my head. A distant and faint sound of engines is breaking the tranquility of this place, and it is getting closer and closer, gush of dust is blocking my view. Seventeen Volkswagen Kübelwagen stop in front of me. A low rank soldier steps out of jeep. Fixing his uniform, he walks towards me and grabs me by my undervest, and drags me towards the truck at the end of the line of vehicles. Overwhelmed by this, I start yelling, “Let go of me! I am your Führer.” He continues to drag me anyway, and throws me inside the truck. I was wrong, my bad dream doesn’t end here, it starts. This road leads me to the destiny of unknown.

This three years old child beside me is crying non-stop for the past one hour. Her mother was killed this morning. Although I am not sure if it was morning or evening. It has been probably ten days I started living in this small room with forty other people. The sun that disrupted my sleep days ago, can’t penetrate the walls of this room. Right now my only companions are a sick old woman, who coughs in a rhythm, and the crying child. Luckily, we are incapable of doing any kind of physical work, but as a punishment for this, we are denied of food and water. The steel door opens up with a loud crackling. After the constant sounds of crying and coughing, this loud sound came to me as ‘Blutrote Rosen’, as life saviour. A guard soldier enters the room and orders us to follow him in a cold voice. I rush to the door like a moth flies into flame. The sunlight washes my body and fills my heart with warmth. We follow the guard to another room, this one is much bigger, and is filled with old and handicapped people. The door behind me is now closing with loud sound, but this time the sound doesn’t stir any kind of emotion inside me. I feel numb. I know why we are here; I know what is about to happen. I turn back and sprint towards the metal door, frantically trying to open it, desperate to flee from this slaughterhouse that I created. A strange sound starts coming from the pipelines inside the room. I stand still, too afraid to move a muscle. A strong odor hits my nostrils. A sensation of burning is creeping throughout my body. I start coughing violently like the old woman, feeling a sharp pain in my chest. I feel lightheaded and nauseated. I lay myself down on the floor, unable to stand anymore. My whole life is coming in front of my eyes as pictures, one after another, like reels. I see a man who only respected OUR national socialist party, OUR German people, OUR German fatherland. I see a man who thought Germany will rise again into power, just like his forefathers, a man who believed a magnificent era of Germany can be possible only by German supreme blood, a man who believed the stronger must dominate the weaker. The guilt of ignorance I had inside me for years, is coming out in my last moment. I try to think of this as my repentance, I try to remember Eva’s face, and as I take my last breath, I try to remember the last sunlight of my life.